

assignment: feature for a game

ILSpy to decompile unity games, icharpcode

glasslessgirlapionline experience
fatssquareglasses lambda

event or data
NEED UML (schematic diagram of code) (generate vector of diagram gpt? NO, probably generate attributes and operations for each script and put them in the diagram)

1. Brainstorm
2. Selection, belongs, doesn't belong
3. Model dictionary
4. Associations
5. Attributes
6. Operations
7. Generalize
8. Iterate

Intermediate layer, 

Message system in a message managaer, collection of all objects, finds the objects and sends the cracked signal to that object
Programming Game AI by example BOOK!!

Player has oncollisionenter when passing pipes
Use the animator for UI

Player
Attribute: Gravity
Operation: Flapping, Die/collision with pipe, Move
Fall: and then you fall

Scoremanager
Attribute: Score, medals

Paralexeffect

Pipespawner:
Attribute: Pipe, height difference

API
API: Leaderboard

Soundmanager
Soundeffects
Attribute: Sound to play
Operation: Play sound

Gamemanager
Quit: quit button

digitdogs
Options

Preloader

State machine object diagram Activity, flow, usecase, sequence, behaviour tree, 1* star 

Static is ONLY for gamemanager

Every script needs EventSound in it and call a separate event for each sound

Generalizartion and association is what I need for arrows and lines

9 to copy Update into generalization connections

Create one timer class so you don't have to copy paste code

Create a parameter and send to that parameter, don't create a separate

game manager should dontdestroyonload so it persists across scenes

    private bool IsRightType(Type type1, Type type2)
    {
        return type1 == type2;
    }
= predicate

lambda is quick way to dfine a variable, to define an ionput
define it as an x, then lambda, then x times x
, it should be a Boolean, a true or false

lambda optimizes lists by doing the filtering for you

ABSTRCT means no definition, it forces people to implement the function you mention
VIRTUAl is ?

assembly definitions, each folder has one, updating a file inside a folder with an assembly definition reloads all scripts in the folder, they basically control a folder, they don't intercommunicate

fps.Editor